>>5297327
Project bluebird is a self aware sentient AI created in the late 90s to make sure sensitive documents weren't allowed on the Internet.
It was then modified to include popular fiction and popular culture in order to sell products/ideas based off nostalgia.
Shit, it goes even farther than that.
They have the ability to see surface thoughts through the Internet and other forms of communication. 
They also have the ability to see what a target sees and hears. They can they manipulate specific objects and concepts to become tailored for that target. They do this on the level of tens of thousands of people.
Any that can detect the tampering by BlueBird, Red Fox, and Red Prime get targeted for re-education.
>>5297268
The very act of pedophilia isn't bad, the act of rape and sodomy on non consenting minors is. 
They use those violent horrible acts to mold and brainwash individuals.
They do it so well that it becomes blocked out, unable to be recalled by the conscious mind. 
>>5297141
I know about all that.
But talking about it and proving it on a heavily monitored public forum would be rather idiotic and ultimately pointless.
They can shut this website down whenever they want.
They have the ability to hack any electronic media. 
They have the ability to listen at all times.
But they do not have the ability to see the future.
They can only predict or observe potential futures.
>>5297255
Bion is a combination of bots, artificial intelligence and human agents all working together to create or dissipate favorable systems of thought.
A 'good' system would have /pol/ going down the rabbit hole of red herrings and half truths.
A 'bad' system would have /pol/ uncovering things like t.avist0ck and the employers of Zoe Quinn.
They create consensus, they create context with which to apply that consensus, and then when everyone is satisfied with the result, it gets buried, never to be talk about again. 
"Why do we need to talk about gamergate? lol we did that already. We already agreed it's STAIN not Stein."
In reality, we are all shadowbanned.
Anybody who shows divergent thinking aka GATE students, get monitored and followed online for their whole lives. 
Our posts go through a special moderation system before regular non divergent users see it. 
If it's too divergent, only other like minded divergent thinkers are allowed to view it.
If it's in line with common social consensus it gets approved.
>>5298654
Project Bluebird is only responsible for online changes.
Project Red Fox is responsible for psychical books being replaced.
Red Prime is responsible for managing everything.
Red Fox agents went around to different libraries, archives, warehouses and distribution centers with altered copies.
They started sometime in the 90's and wrapped up in 2007.
Anytime Berenstein is mentioned, a little birdie is alerted.
Too many other tag words in conjunction with berenstein will see an influx of bots, AI controlled astroturfing and a few human agents pouring in.
It's quite cute actually.
They think they can stop the truth from coming out by denying that it exists.
The truth is, we died over 45,000 years ago in a nuclear doomsday event. A few minds were saved and put into artificial stasis. They were fucking evil and enslaved the other people trapped in the virtual existence. This degraded until we have what we see now. 95% of the population is nothing but soulless husks that only exist to consume, never creating anything but waste 
In hiding from Death, you only guarantee you will meet Him in His most hideous and horrifying form. 
This summer we will meet the 4th dimension and they will meet us.
At first, no one will understand what happened.
Why random entities suddenly appear or how.
But then a group of devious minded people will harness the ability to manifest thought by using it for harm, rather than help.
A group will form to combat them and will lead to the final battle between the king under the mountain and the Antichrist. 
After all that jazz happens, we can get back to living as this matrix intended and go to other galaxies, leaving this sad mudball behind